README.md, before:

# Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic Petition Page

The goal of this project is to provide a __Call to Arms__ for a Star Wars game series, _Knights of the Old Republic_, a series developed in the early 2000's that was then cancelled.

Today, remasters of games are very common and there is a devote group of Star Wars game fans who are dying for the two _Knights of the Old Republic_ games to get a remaster. The goal of this project is to rally this _cult's_ support and provide a form where they can petition EA, the company who own the right's to the Star Wars game franchise, to develop a remaster.

![KoToR Logo](/images/kotor-logo.png)

## UX

### Goal

The goal of this site is to make users aware of the game series, some of it's interesting aspects, why it deserves to be remastered and to enable the users to fill in a brief form that will petition EA to remake the game.

### User Goals

- Find information about the game series
- Images/art from the game
- Form to send a petition to get the game remade
- Site should give a feel of the game series/Star Wars Universe


### User Stories

- As a user, I want to see images from the games
- As a user, I want information about the games
- As a user, I want to see how the game relates to other Star Wars properties
- As a user, I want to get a feel for the game


### Site Owner Goals

- As the site owner, I want the site to have a theme consistent with the game series and Star Wars franchise as a whole.
- As the site owner, I want to entice visitors into wanting to play this game and help get it remastered by signing the petition.

### Wireframes

[Click here to view wireframes.](/wireframes/kotor_site_wireframes.pdf)

### Design Choices
---

For this project I wanted the font and colours to replicate the colours and fonts found in the game. Below you can see an image from a dialogue interaction in the game. As you can see the text is coloured blue, with the highlighted option coloured yellow. I used [HTML Color Codes](https://html-color-codes.info/colors-from-image/) to upload a picture of the games dialogue and figure out the exact colours used.

![Dialogue Example](/images/dialogue-example.jpg)

To fit the theme of the game I decided normal text would have blue text and that clickable elements would use the yellow font colour when hovered over.

Another design choice I wished to use was to incorporate the overall Star Wars theme into the site. To achieve this I decided to use a starry night background for the page, reflecting the players ability to travel around the galaxy in the game.

![Starry Background](/images/starry-background.jpg)

In combination with this starry background I wanted to create a parallax effect similar to the one on the [Firewatch](https://www.firewatchgame.com/) video game website. I thought this was a beautiful effect and I decided to attempt creating a similar illusion on my site by using a static background night sky and a transparent foreground with *stars* which move follow the scroll behaviour.



### User Stories

#### Ciaran - KoToR player

Pictures from the game. Gradient Light-Dark background. Layered pictures of Revan darkside v lightside. Light/Dark contrast on page. Pictures of Korriban, light to dark transition.

Pictures of lightside/darkside planets on seperate page and light/dark characters.

Signup page.

Scrolling animation?

Lightsaber divider one side red/dark other blue/white and reasons for and against remaster.

Force persuade text


#### Nestor - KoToR player

Logo of the game, characters background. Concept art.

Dialog text style.


##### Stephen - Potential User

Poll, page gets lighter, darker depending on results.

Commit message:

feat: added text crawl image to README, added reasoning behind star bg

README.md, after:

# Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic Petition Page

The goal of this project is to provide a __Call to Arms__ for a Star Wars game series, _Knights of the Old Republic_, a series developed in the early 2000's that was then cancelled.

Today, remasters of games are very common and there is a devote group of Star Wars game fans who are dying for the two _Knights of the Old Republic_ games to get a remaster. The goal of this project is to rally this _cult's_ support and provide a form where they can petition EA, the company who own the right's to the Star Wars game franchise, to develop a remaster.

![KoToR Logo](/images/kotor-logo.png)

## UX

### Goal

The goal of this site is to make users aware of the game series, some of it's interesting aspects, why it deserves to be remastered and to enable the users to fill in a brief form that will petition EA to remake the game.

### User Goals

- Find information about the game series
- Images/art from the game
- Form to send a petition to get the game remade
- Site should give a feel of the game series/Star Wars Universe


### User Stories

- As a user, I want to see images from the games
- As a user, I want information about the games
- As a user, I want to see how the game relates to other Star Wars properties
- As a user, I want to get a feel for the game


### Site Owner Goals

- As the site owner, I want the site to have a theme consistent with the game series and Star Wars franchise as a whole.
- As the site owner, I want to entice visitors into wanting to play this game and help get it remastered by signing the petition.

### Wireframes

[Click here to view wireframes.](/wireframes/kotor_site_wireframes.pdf)

### Design Choices
---

For this project I wanted the font and colours to replicate the colours and fonts found in the game. Below you can see an image from a dialogue interaction in the game. As you can see the text is coloured blue, with the highlighted option coloured yellow. I used [HTML Color Codes](https://html-color-codes.info/colors-from-image/) to upload a picture of the games dialogue and figure out the exact colours used.

![Dialogue Example](/images/dialogue-example.jpg)

To fit the theme of the game I decided normal text would have blue text and that clickable elements would use the yellow font colour when hovered over.

Another design choice I wished to use was to incorporate the overall Star Wars theme into the site. To achieve this I decided to use a starry night background for the page, reflecting the players ability to travel around the galaxy in the game.

![Starry Background](/images/starry-background.jpg)

In combination with this starry background I wanted to create a parallax effect similar to the one on the [Firewatch](https://www.firewatchgame.com/) video game website. I thought this was a beautiful effect and I decided to attempt creating a similar illusion on my site by using a static background night sky and a transparent foreground with *stars* which follow the scroll behaviour thereby imitating the night sky.

To highlight this effect, I decided to use transparent backgrounds on my body elements, which also gives the illusion of the text floating in the sky like the infamous Star Wars text crawl used to set the opening stage in movies.

![Opening Text Crawl](/images/text-crawl.jpg)





### User Stories

#### Ciaran - KoToR player

Pictures from the game. Gradient Light-Dark background. Layered pictures of Revan darkside v lightside. Light/Dark contrast on page. Pictures of Korriban, light to dark transition.

Pictures of lightside/darkside planets on seperate page and light/dark characters.

Signup page.

Scrolling animation?

Lightsaber divider one side red/dark other blue/white and reasons for and against remaster.

Force persuade text


#### Nestor - KoToR player

Logo of the game, characters background. Concept art.

Dialog text style.


##### Stephen - Potential User

Poll, page gets lighter, darker depending on results.
